Submit This:Using properly formed semantic HTML5, markup the following text new stories so they display in a singledocument. Make good choices with the semantic tags you use and ensure that your document displaysreadably for the user.

Hackers strike fear in almost half of big businesses10/2/2018A recent survey from data-tracking company Ensighten found that 46% of all enterprise brands are concerned about data breaches after other large companies, such as Facebook and Uber, were hacked. Still, 67% have no marketing security in place, the survey found.The world’s two largest enterprise blockchain groups join forces
The Enterprise Ethereum Alliance and Hyperledger will combine forces to create an open-source, standards-based cross-platform project tobring businesses distributed ledger solutions. "At Hyperledger, we'revery focused at building communities that build a set of softwareproducts and many of those touch on and implement Ethereum-relatedstandards, and the EEA is focused on driving a community of organizations around a common set of standards and then certifyingapplications against those standards," says EEA Executive Director Ron Resnick.How industry experts believe AI will affect the workforce Artificial intelligence is expected to significantly affect the workforce in many sectors, with a 190% increase in the number of LinkedIn profiles listing AI skills on their account profiles since 2015, according to LinkedIn data. The majority of experts say AI willhelp make teams more effective and make better decisions, a study from Tata Communications found.

Remember, when submitting the work please use the following naming convention for your file:HTMLAUTHORING_LastName_SectionNumber.html. So if your last name is Smith and your submitting section8, you file name should be HTMLAUTHORING_Smith_8.html.For this course visit https://www.dropbox.com/request/RhW9kBDXtisq2Fsvg3hY to submit your assignments.